1. 
    You will be able to use this e-mail to notify yourself on custom events via in-game API. No spam, we promise.
    您将能够使用这封电子邮件通过游戏内API通知您自己的自定义事件。我们保证不发垃圾邮件。

2.
    Other players will see this unique name at your rooms, creeps, and structures. At least 3 alphanumeric characters.
    其他玩家会在你的房间、怪物和建筑中看到这个独特的名字。至少3个字母数字字符。

3.  
    I don't want to use in-game notifications
    我不想使用游戏内通知

4.  
    Modular architecture of a script will allow easy testing of individual functions in the simulator.
    脚本的模块化架构将允许在模拟器中轻松测试单个功能。

5.
    There is no Controller in this room. Controllers allow players capture rooms and build facilities in them. 
    A room with no Controller cannot be captured. Please choose another room.
    这个房间里没有控制器。控制器允许玩家占领房间并在其中建造设施。没有控制器的房间不能被捕获。请选择另一个房间。

6.
    Your remote scripts have been changed. Do you want to replace scripts on your local file system with the remote scripts?
    您的远程脚本已被更改。要将本地文件系统上的脚本替换为远程脚本吗?

7.
    We have sent you an e-mail, Please visit later in your mailbox check your email and reset your password,
    Contact us if you do not receive it
    我们已经给您发了邮件，请稍后在您的邮箱中查看您的邮件并重新设置您的密码，如果您没有收到请联系我们

8.  
    The evaluation process may affect the results shown here, 
    but it does not affect the value of the output from the code itself.
    评估过程可能会影响这里显示的结果，但它不会影响代码本身的输出值。

9.  
    To see this and other security events for your account, visit https://github.com/settings/security
    要查看此事件和您的帐户的其他安全事件，请访问https://github.com/settings/security

10.    
    If you run into problems, please contact support by visiting https://github.com/contact
    如果您遇到问题，请访问https://github.com/contact联系支持

11.
    How China Built a Hospital in 10 Days
    中国是如何在10天内建成医院的

12.
    Donald Trump became the third-ever president of the United States to be impeached by the House of Representatives.
    唐纳德·特朗普成为美国历史上第三位被众议院弹劾的总统。

13.
    He was formally charged with abuse of power on Dec 18, 2019.
    他于2019年12月18日被正式指控滥用职权。

14.
    Nancy Pelosi, the Speaker of the House, said Trump used his powers as president for personal gain.
    众议院议长南希·佩洛西表示，特朗普利用总统职权谋取私利。

15.
    A trial this month will decide whether he will be removed from office.
    本月的审判将决定他是否会被免职。

16.
    However, in the 244-year history of the US, no president has yet been removed from office by impeachment. 
    然而，在美国244年的历史中，还没有哪位总统被弹劾下台

17.
    US airplane maker Boeing announced on Dec 17 that it will temporarily halt production of 737 MAX 
    jets starting in January 2020, reported CNN.
    据美国有线电视新闻网报道，美国飞机制造商波音公司12月17日宣布，从2020年1月起，将暂停生产737 MAX喷气式飞机。

18.
    The decision was made out of security concerns.
    这个决定是出于安全考虑。

19.
    More than 800 of the jets have been grounded worldwide since mid-March 2019.
    自2019年3月中旬以来，全球已有800多架飞机停飞。

20.
    That's when investigators found flawed flight control software on the 737 MAX
    调查人员在737 MA上发现了有缺陷的飞行控制软件

21.
    The software was found to be partially responsible for two MAX accidents in Indonesia and Ethiopia
    该软件被发现对 印度尼西亚 和 埃塞俄比亚 的两起重大事故负有部分责任

22.
    Students in the basic class of the algorithm only need to use the arithmetic operator ‘+’ to complete the problem, 
    without considering the requirements of the bit operation.
    算法基础课的学生只需要使用算术运算符‘+’来完成问题，不考虑位运算的要求。

23.
    Image decode failed
    图像解码失败

24.
    Live reload enabled.
    Live重新加载启用

25.
    Before you begin, we have a few tips to help you get you started.
    在你开始之前，我们有一些建议来帮助你开始。

26.
    The code does not execute properly. Try to figure out why
    代码不能正确执行。试着找出原因

27.
    By creating an account, you agree to our Privacy Policy
    通过创建一个帐户，您同意我们的隐私政策

28
    Congratulations on making it through the initiation challenges!
    Now its time to step up your game.
    祝贺你通过了入会挑战! 现在是时候提升你的水平了

29
    This group has a policy of no live Facebook feeds.
    这个组织的政策是不允许在Facebook上实时更新

30.
    To contain cross infection of the virus, railways, airports and other public transportation hubs have strengthened disinfection, 
    ventilation and sanitation of vehicles and stations across China, reported China Daily.
    据《中国日报》报道，为了控制病毒的交叉感染，中国各地的铁路、机场和其他公共交通枢纽都加强了车辆和车站的消毒、通风和卫生

31.
    Passengers must go through body-temperature screenings at both entrances and exits of public transport stations. 
    乘客必须在公共交通站的出入口接受体温检查
    
32.
    People with temperatures above 37.3 C will be transferred to health departments.
    温度超过37.3摄氏度的人将被转移到卫生部门

33.
    Appeal an account suspension or locked account
    对帐户暂停或锁定提出上诉

34.
    You smell lovely.
    你真好闻

35.
    Can you pee?
    你会尿尿吗?

36.
    China has announced a plan to honor medical workers and other personnel 
    who died fighting the novel coronavirus epidemic as martyrs, Xinhua reported on Feb 17.
    据新华社2月17日报道，中国已宣布一项计划，以烈士的身份纪念在抗击新型冠状病毒疫情中牺牲的医务工作者和其他人员

37.
    The deceased - who had direct contact with suspected or confirmed cases and were infected with the virus 
    when performing their duties including diagnosis, treament, nursing and others - could be recognized ad martyrs.
    死者与疑似病例或确诊病例有直接接触，在履行诊断、治疗、护理和其他职责时感染了病毒，可被认定为殉道者

38.
    As of Feb 11, a total of 1, 716 Chinese medical workers had been infecter with the virus, 
    according to the National Health Commission.
    据国家卫生健康委员会统计，截至2月11日，共有1716名中国医务工作者感染了新冠病毒

39.
    Among them, six had died.
    其中6人死亡

40.
    God we wish it were. It's just a coincidence.
    上帝啊，我们希望它是真的。但它只是巧合

41. 
    On March 1,a cabin hospital(方舱医院)  in Qiaokou district(硚口区) , Wuhan, suspended operation as all of 
    its patients had either been discharged or moved to other hospitals, Changjiang Daily reported.
    据《长江日报》报道，3月1日，武汉市桥口区一家方舱医院暂停手术，原因是该院所有病人要么已经出院，要么已经被转移到其他医院。

42.
    It's the city's first temporary hospital that has stopped receiving patients infected with 
    the novel coronavirus, according to the report. 
    据报道，这是该市第一家暂时停止接收新型冠状病毒感染者的医院。

43.
    Since its opening on Feb 11, the temporary hospital has treated 330 patients, 
    of which 232 were cured and discharged.
    自2月11日开放以来，这家临时医院已经治疗了330名患者，其中232人治愈出院。


